Windows Damaging Tool Editions

These Tools can run some big damage to your computer, Use with proper caution and not on a main computer, The creator 
is not liable to any damage these tools will cause. Always have a backup and use these tools responsibly. Abuse, unauthorized use or misuse on these tools is not allowed.

Simple Steps: 
Install the tool on your computer, Then run after
installing, Run the tool, press any key then your computer will no longer run.
The Computers Running Windows 2000 RTM/SP1/SP2/SP3/SP4 and Windows XP RTM/SP1/SP2/SP3 will run XP/2000 Version only, can be 
installed on newer Operating Systems but it Won't Work.
 
 Windows Damaging Tool and Windows Damaging Tool Destructive are for
 Windows Vista Service Pack 1 or newer. Windows Vista RTM is not Supported.
 The Tool works on:
 Windows Vista SP1/SP2 (32bit and 64bit)
 Windows 7 RTM and SP1 (32bit and 64bit)
 Windows 8 RTM (32bit and 64bit)
 Windows 8.1 (32bit and 64bit)
 Windows 10 RTM and all feature updates builds (32bit and 64bit)
 Windows 11 (64bit)
You can install this on beta builds on Windows Service Pack 1 or newer beta builds.

For DOS Version
These Tools can run some big damage to your computer, Use with proper caution and not on a main computer, The creator is not 
liable to any damage these tools will cause. Always have a backup and use these tools responsibly. Abuse, unauthorized use or misuse these tools is not allowed.
Install the tool on your DOS computer, Then run after install run the tool, press any key, then press y when prompted to delete file (keep doing it until you find 
which directory path Windows is installed, then after your computer will no longer run.
This Tool runs on:
Windows 95 
Windows 98 
Windows 98 (Second Edition)
Windows ME 
This Tool is DOS Only. Windows NT and Windows 2000 and later are not supported. Use the other Windows Damaging Tool versions for them.
This tool can be buggy. (Beta Builds not supported on DOS or NT) You may get blue death screens on some occasions.
